Paper (#486)
AequilibraE/qaequilibrae: paper/paper.md

---

> title: '`QAequilibraE`: a graphical user interface for transportation modeling on QGIS'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: '`QAequilibraE`: a graphical user interface for transportation modelling in QGIS'
```

---
title: '`QAequilibraE`: a graphical user interface for transportation modeling on QGIS'
tags:
  - QGIS
  - Python
  - transportation modeling
authors:
  - name: Pedro Camargo

>     orcid: 0000-0000-0000-0000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    orcid: 0000-0001-9613-2777
```
